Because I'm just ... um .... I don't know. Why give an interview when you
can leave a warning, you know?  .... And then, I just got to add this:
There was a whole firestorm yesterday about Brooke being, you know, a part
of our crew. And let me just say this ... this is all I'm gonna say about
it: Where there were four ... there are now three. Goodbye, Brooke, and
good luck in your travels ... you're gonna need it ... badly... So .... 
I'm cured. I'm done. 'Well, we all have to sit in here and touch ourselves
and frown.' Well, you don't look like you're having a lot of fun. Yeah, but
I can't use the word 'sober' because that's a term from 'those people', and
I have cleansed myself.  It's being directed and written by a genius name
David Ward who - oh, I don't know - won the Academy Award at 23 for writing
The Sting. And it was his pen and his vision that created the classic that
we know today as Major League.  100%. You know, here's your first pee test.
Next one goes in your mouth. Um ... but I'm excited to get back ... to
work. Um ... and not to completely discount what you just talked about ...
It's just that if I bring up these ... these turds ... these little losers
... there's no reason to then bring them back into the fold, because I have
real fame, and they have nothing.

And one of those stupid mottoes, Alex, is 'Don't be special. Be one of us.'
News flash! I am special, and I'll never be one of you! ... There it is. 
And if you're a part of my family, I will love you violently. If you
infiltrate and try to hurt my family, I will murder you violently.  And you
know, I'm tired ... I'm so tired of pretending like my life isn't perfect
and bitchin' and just winning every second .... And I'm not perfect and
bitchin', and just delivering the goods at every frickin' turn.   In fact,
a lot of people think the movie's called 'Wild Thing', as they should. But
like in baseball, the scoreboard doesn't lie. Never has. So what we all
have is a marriage of the heart ... of the hearts.  Because I'm just ... um
.... I don't know. Why give an interview when you can leave a warning, you
know?

.... And then, I just got to add this: There was a whole firestorm
yesterday about Brooke being, you know, a part of our crew. And let me just
say this ... this is all I'm gonna say about it: Where there were four ...
there are now three. Goodbye, Brooke, and good luck in your travels ...
you're gonna need it ... badly... So .... Let me just say this: It's
nothing this side of deplorable, that a certain Chaim Levine - yeah, that's
Chuck's real name - mistook this rock star for his own selfish exit
strategy, bro. I just closed my eyes and in a nanosecond I cured myself
from this ridiculous model of disease, addiction, and obsession. It's just
... It's just the work of sissies.  'You have the right to kill me, but you
do not have the right to judge me.' Boom. That's the whole movie. That's
life .... That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's
genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody. No,
you won't get high .... It's all good. It's all good, guys. Quit panicking.
Quit panicking. No panic, no judgment.  Well, yeah. But I was gonna tell
you, I'm tired of being told like, 'Oh, you can't talk about that. You
can't talk about that.' Bull s.h.i.t. ... uh .... I'm gonna hang out with
these two smokin' hotties and fly privately around the world. You know, it
might be lonely up here, but I sure like the view, Alex. Major League 3? I
don't know. I haven't read it. I don't care. They will lose the rest of
their lives as they think about me and my life for the rest of their lives.
So ... it's ... there's no ... again, bring me a challenge, somebody. Bring
me a frickin' challenge. Because, you know ... it just ain't there.
WINNING!

Um ... but I'm excited to get back ... to work. Um ... and not to
completely discount what you just talked about ... It's just that if I
bring up these ... these turds ... these little losers ... there's no
reason to then bring them back into the fold, because I have real fame, and
they have nothing.  But ... whatever. I agreed to do it. There's just one
deal point that Jim Robinson - a wonderful man at Morgan Creek, a great
company - need to work out is they want me in it. If they do, it's a smash.
If they don't, it's a turd that opens on a tugboat. And that was actually,
you know, one of the few compliments that clown has paid me in frickin'
almost a decade. But there's also ... falling from it ... is the apple from
The Giving Tree. There's my life. Deal with it. Oh, wait! Can't process it.
Losers! WINNING! B'bye. It's ... yeah ... it's an understatement. You know,
I just ... I'm sorry, man, I got magic and I got poetry in my fingertips.
And that was actually, you know, one of the few compliments that clown has
paid me in frickin' almost a decade. And they're gonna fuel the battle-cry
of my deadly and dangerous secret and silent soldiers. 'Cause they're all
around you .... Anyway. Thought you were just messing with one dude. Sorry!
WINNING!  Because ... look at what I'm dealing with, man. I'm dealing with
fools and trolls.