D'oh.
Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark. Brace yourselves gentlemen. According to the gas chromatograph, the secret ingredient is… Love!? Who's been screwing with this thing?

You don't like your job, you don't strike. You go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way. I was saying "Boo-urns. " Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad people.

I didn't get rich by signing checks.
Human contact: the final frontier. Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix. When I held that gun in my hand, I felt a surge of power…like God must feel when he's holding a gun. Last night's "Itchy and Scratchy Show" was, without a doubt, the worst episode *ever.* Rest assured, I was on the Internet within minutes, registering my disgust throughout the world.

When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!
But, Aquaman, you cannot marry a woman without gills. You're from two different worlds… Oh, I've wasted my life.
Lisa, vampires are make-believe, like elves, gremlins, and Eskimos.
Bart, with $10,000 we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of useful things like…love!
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman. What good is money if it can't inspire terror in your fellow man? I can't go to juvie. They use guys like me as currency.

Fame was like a drug. But what was even more like a drug were the drugs.
When I held that gun in my hand, I felt a surge of power…like God must feel when he's holding a gun.
You don't like your job, you don't strike. You go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way.
Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me. "Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized religion.

What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway. Whoa, slow down there, maestro. There's a *New* Mexico? Whoa, slow down there, maestro. There's a *New* Mexico? That's why I love elementary school, Edna. The children believe anything you tell them.

Kids, we need to talk for a moment about Krusty Brand Chew Goo Gum Like Substance. We all knew it contained spider eggs, but the hantavirus? That came out of left field. So if you're experiencing numbness and/or comas, send five dollars to antidote, PO box… Donuts. Is there anything they can't do?

I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals flaming. I'm allergic to bee stings. They cause me to, uh, die. Oh, everything looks bad if you remember it. I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman.

We started out like Romeo and Juliet, but it ended up in tragedy. I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks *and* blows. Aaah! Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off me! Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose: it's how drunk you get.

I was saying "Boo-urns." What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway. Your guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but secretly you all yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king!

Donuts. Is there anything they can't do? This is the greatest case of false advertising I've seen since I sued the movie "The Never Ending Story." Hi. I'm Troy McClure. You may remember me from such self-help tapes as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Some Confidence, Stupid!"

How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive? Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad people.

The Internet King? I wonder if he could provide faster nudity… You don't win friends with salad. And now, in the spirit of the season: start shopping. And for every dollar of Krusty merchandise you buy, I will be nice to a sick kid. For legal purposes, sick kids may include hookers with a cold.

Save me, Jeebus. Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about! Can't you people take the law into your own hands? I mean, we can't be policing the entire city!

Hi. I'm Troy McClure. You may remember me from such self-help tapes as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Some Confidence, Stupid!" I'm a Spalding Gray in a Rick Dees world. Homer no function beer well without.